Added compatibility with the new credentials issuer (#10)
rarimo/rarime: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.6.0] - 2023-10-18

> ### Added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
```

> - `@rarimo/rarime`: expose transit state details on `createProof`, update `IssuerData` and `BJJSignatureProof2021` classes

Reviewer: >update `IssuerData` and `BJJSignatureProof2021` classes

Add some context why did you update them and how

## [Unreleased]

> ## [0.6.0] - 2023-10-18

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [0.6.0] - 2023-10-19
```

### Changed
- `@rarimo/rarime`:
  - expose transit state details on `createProof`
  - update `IssuerData` and `BJJSignatureProof2021` classes

>   - rearrange loading state details, cause generating proof must be specific by block to prevent possible conflicts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - use the state at a specific block when generating the proofs to prevent possible conflicts
```
